thanks Alex Dominique mucha mono first
made headlines with the Magnificent
Seven as part of the u.s. women's
olympic gymnastics team in 1996 mujwa no
help bring home the gold medal and now
she's hoping girls will flip for her
newest books winning team and balancing
act our own Becky Anderson sat down with
medrano and this week's edition of
authors revealed welcome to authors
revealed I'm Becky Anderson we are
thrilled to have gold medal-winning
gymnast Dominique Moceanu with her new
series of books for middle grade readers
it's called goal for the gold gymnastics
it's balancing act and winning team well
Dominique welcome to anderson's in
naperville thank you very much I'm so
glad to be here oh I can't tell you what
a thrill it is these two books and I
read the first one I was so impressed
because it is such a wonderful balance
of of a sport that girls are so
passionate about but also have some of
the realities thrown in so I'm just
wondering the books are just out there
brand new I mean you're just starting
your tour for these I'm just wanted what
what is your feeling about it and what
is the reception you've heard from
people people who've read the book or if
you heard from kids or coaches or even
former you know teammates or anything on
oh I've had such a warm welcome with
these books I'm so excited to have them
out it's been seven years in the making
and a dream long before I had children
but a process of the writing a large
process of it was done during my
children's early development so you know
finding that balance to be creative and
make sure I balance my kids and my
family that was difficult but at the
same time very rewarding when i found my
little space yeah i was able to let my
imagination run wild and you know write
these books and i just gotten such a
great great response from the fans and a
lot of people tweeted oh we got it oh
that's cool you know it's just really
great connecting with my audience and
you don't have to be a kid to love the
boy what I really love about it so so
tell us what's coming next now
the first two books are out so we have
winning team and balancing act the first
two and the go for the gold series and
they'll be some more coming in june
nineteen ok and the titles on those
reaching high an unexpected twist okay
and like I mentioned those are going to
be tackling some other issues and
they're going to be Jesse and
Christina's voices okay and so it's it's
going to be fun it's going to be a
continuation of the first two books
obviously with the friendship theme and
everyone supporting each other but this
time it's going to be in book three
reaching heights going to be Jesse's
voice what is she going through what is
you know her story what's the background
let's dig a little deeper in a Jesse
story well Dominic thank you so much and
congratulations on go for the goal
gymnastics series we can't wait for the
next one and this will be great timing
for with the Olympics coming up to
summer kids will love freedom so thank
you so much wow thank you for having me
I'm so happy
what a great conversation with gold
medal gymnast Dominique Moceanu about
her book series for young readers it's
called winning team and balancing act
back to you Jen thanks Becky if you're
interested in the full interview with
Dominique mucha wanna visit our website
at NC TV seventeen.com for a list of air
times